C# advanced databases independent project

Project
Band Tracker
Write a program to track bands and the venues where they've played concerts. Make a Venue class and a Band class.

Build full CRUD functionality for Venues. Create, Read (show all, show single), Update, Delete.
Allow a user to create Bands that have played at a Venue. Don't worry about building out updating or deleting for bands.
There is a many-to-many relationship between bands and concert venues, so a venue can host many bands, and a band can play at many venues. Create a join table to store these relationships.
When a user is viewing a single concert venue, list out all of the bands that have played at that venue so far and allow them to add a band to that venue. Create a method to get the bands who have played at a venue, and use a join statement in it.
When a user is viewing a single Band, list out all of the Venues that have hosted that band and allow them to add a Venue to that Band. Use a join statement in this method too.
Requirements
For this code review, use the following names for your databases:

Production database: band_tracker
Development database: band_tracker_test
Resource names will be venues and bands
Include .sql files holding the schema for both your band_tracker and band_tracker_test databases (see instructions in the Migrating databases with SSMS lesson) . In your README, include the details of your database names and tables as a back up (see the example below from a To Do application):

In SQLCMD:

CREATE DATABASE todo;
GO
USE todo;
GO
CREATE TABLE categories (id INT IDENTITY(1,1), name VARCHAR(255));
CREATE TABLE tasks (id INT IDENTITY(1,1), description VARCHAR(255));
Objectives
Here are the objectives that will be used to review your code:

Do database tables and columns follow proper naming conventions?
Do you have thorough test coverage with passing tests?
Did you write the test methods and make them pass before starting on routes for each class?
Does your Venue class have all CRUD methods implemented in your app? That includes: Create, Read (all and singular) Update and Delete (all and singular).
Are you able to view all the bands that have played at a single venue, as well as all the venues that have hosted a particular band?
Is the many-to-many relationship set up correctly in the database?
Are the commands on how to set up the database in the README? Did you include the .sql files?
Is the project in a polished, portfolio-quality state?
Was required functionality in place by the 5:00pm Friday deadline?
Does the project demonstrate all of this week's concepts? If prompted, are you able to discuss your with an instructor using correct terminology?
Previous Objectives
And then, make sure to follow all the requirements from last week too.

Was Razor syntax used on view pages where appropriate?
Is your logic easy to understand?
Did you use descriptive variable names?
Does your code have proper indentation and spacing?
Did you include a README with a description of the program, setup instructions, a copyright, a license, and your name?
Is the project tracked in Git, and did you regularly make commits with clear messages that finish the phrase "This commit will…"?
Further Exploration
Add styling and images to your site
Complete CRUD functionality for bands
Add functionality to suggest bands to users at random.
As a user, I want band names and venues to be saved with a capital letter no matter how I enter them.
Only certain bands can play at certain venues (say, some venues are large, some are small. Some bands are popular, others less so.)
Feel free to add on any additional functionality as long as you fulfill minimum requirements for this CR, and adequately test your code.
